testnet/README.md, before:

# Test Network Setup

To start the SCION test network, run the `testnet.sh` script.
```bash
sudo bash ./testnet/testnet.sh up
```

We use the [pocketscion-configurator](https://github.com/aaronbojarski/pocketscion-configurator) to set up the pocketscion instance inside the `pocketscion_ns` namespace. First, fetch and build the configurator or use the prebuilt binary.
```bash
cd testnet
curl -LO https://github.com/aaronbojarski/pocketscion-configurator/releases/download/v0.1.1/pocketscion-configurator-x86-64-deb.tar.gz
tar -xvf pocketscion-configurator-x86-64-deb.tar.gz
sudo ip netns exec pocketscion_ns ./pocketscion-configurator --config ./pocketscion_config.json
cd ..
```

All necessary certificats can be generated with the `generate_certs.sh` script.
```bash
cd testnet
bash ./generate_certs.sh
cd ..
```

Download and start emqx broker inside the `server_ns` namespace.
```bash
cd ~
wget https://www.emqx.com/en/downloads/enterprise/6.1.0/emqx-enterprise-6.1.0-ubuntu24.04-amd64.tar.gz
mkdir -p emqx && tar -zxvf emqx-enterprise-6.1.0-ubuntu24.04-amd64.tar.gz -C emqx
sudo ip netns exec server_ns ~/emqx/bin/emqx foreground
```

Then start the proxy in the corresponding namespace.
```bash
sudo ip netns exec server_ns ./target/release/mqtt-rust-scion proxy --listen [2-3,10.0.200.10]:4433 --ca-cert ./testnet/ca-cert.pem --cert ./testnet/proxy-cert.pem --key ./testnet/proxy-key.pem --endhost-api http://10.0.200.20:10231 --mode QuicEndpoint --mqtt-broker 127.0.0.1:1883
```

Then start the client in another terminal.
```bash
sudo ip netns exec client_ns ./target/release/mqtt-rust-scion client [2-3,10.0.200.10]:4433 --host localhost --ca-cert ./testnet/ca-cert.pem --cert ./testnet/client-cert.pem --key ./testnet/client-key.pem --endhost-api http://10.0.100.20:10143 --snap-token ./testnet/snap.token
```

Finally, the test network can be torn down.
```bash
sudo bash ./testnet/testnet.sh down
```

Commit message:

simplify udp mode of proxy. Add mqtt broker to local testnet (emqx)

testnet/README.md, after:

# Test Network Setup

To start the SCION test network, run the `testnet.sh` script.
```bash
sudo bash ./testnet/testnet.sh up
```

We use the [pocketscion-configurator](https://github.com/aaronbojarski/pocketscion-configurator) to set up the pocketscion instance inside the `pocketscion_ns` namespace. First, fetch and build the configurator or use the prebuilt binary.
```bash
cd testnet
curl -LO https://github.com/aaronbojarski/pocketscion-configurator/releases/download/v0.1.1/pocketscion-configurator-x86-64-deb.tar.gz
tar -xvf pocketscion-configurator-x86-64-deb.tar.gz
sudo ip netns exec pocketscion_ns ./pocketscion-configurator --config ./pocketscion_config.json
cd ..
```

All necessary certificats can be generated with the `generate_certs.sh` script.
```bash
cd testnet
bash ./generate_certs.sh
cd ..
```

Download and start emqx broker inside the `server_ns` namespace.
```bash
cd ~
wget https://www.emqx.com/en/downloads/enterprise/6.1.0/emqx-enterprise-6.1.0-ubuntu24.04-amd64.tar.gz
mkdir -p emqx && tar -zxvf emqx-enterprise-6.1.0-ubuntu24.04-amd64.tar.gz -C emqx
sudo ip netns exec server_ns ~/emqx/bin/emqx foreground
```

To enable quic support in emqx, add the following lines to the `emqx/etc/emqx.conf` file before starting the broker. The key and cert files can be copied from the proxy certificates generated earlier.
```
listeners.quic.default {
  enabled = true
  bind = "0.0.0.0:14567"
  keyfile = "${EMQX_ETC_DIR}/certs/key.pem"
  certfile = "${EMQX_ETC_DIR}/certs/cert.pem"
}
```

Then start the proxy in the corresponding namespace.
```bash
sudo ip netns exec server_ns ./target/release/mqtt-rust-scion proxy --listen [2-3,10.0.200.10]:4433 --ca-cert ./testnet/ca-cert.pem --cert ./testnet/proxy-cert.pem --key ./testnet/proxy-key.pem --endhost-api http://10.0.200.20:10231 --mode QuicEndpoint --mqtt-broker 127.0.0.1:1883
```

The proxy can also be started in UdpEndpoint mode. In this mode the QUIC connection is established between the client and the broker through the proxy. The proxy is just translating between SCION UDP packets and regular UDP packets.
```bash
sudo ip netns exec server_ns ./target/release/mqtt-rust-scion proxy --listen [2-3,10.0.200.10]:4433 --ca-cert ./testnet/ca-cert.pem --cert ./testnet/proxy-cert.pem --key ./testnet/proxy-key.pem --endhost-api http://10.0.200.20:10231 --mode UdpEndpoint --mqtt-broker 127.0.0.1:14567 --log debug
```

Then start the client in another terminal.
```bash
sudo ip netns exec client_ns ./target/release/mqtt-rust-scion client [2-3,10.0.200.10]:4433 --host localhost --ca-cert ./testnet/ca-cert.pem --cert ./testnet/client-cert.pem --key ./testnet/client-key.pem --endhost-api http://10.0.100.20:10143 --snap-token ./testnet/snap.token
```

Finally, the test network can be torn down.
```bash
sudo bash ./testnet/testnet.sh down
```
